---
layout: post
title: "About Me"
date: 2026-01-06 13:32:20 +0300
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
img:  # Add image post (optional)
---
Mindvalley | Sheikh Zayed 
Instructor (Part-time) | 07/2023 – 09/2023 | 07/2025 – present 
• I worked as an instructor in Mindvalley, I teach Python, C++, EV3, Wedo, App Inventor, and Scratch. 
Junior Teaching Assistant | University of Science and Technology at Zewailcity 
Python JTA | summer 2023  
Contributor | NASA Space Apps Challenge 
Cairo, 2024 
• I was the team leader and video editor for the team to develop an interactive website illustrating the 
solar system, providing educational content on each planet with different visual contents.  
(https://rozenverse.netlify.app/) 
Plasma Actuators and Flow Control Research | University of Science and Technology at Zewailcity 
Research Participant | 08/2025 – 09/2025  
• Engaged in experimental and computational work on plasma actuators and plasma-based flow 
control for aerodynamic applications. 
• Investigated electrode geometries and optimized actuator performance through simulations and lab 
testing. 
Alliance International Group for Equipment Trading and Logistics – Fire Division 
Engineering Intern | 07/2025 – 09/2025 
• Participated in the technical and logistical operations for fire protection systems and related equipment. 
Robotics and Control Projects | University of Science and Technology at Zewailcity 
Project Member | 07/2025 – Present 
• Assisted in the design and development of a linear inverted pendulum for control system studies. 
•  Collaborated on UAV design and build, integrating aerodynamic design and propulsion systems.

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
